# CustomLogGenerator

Sometimes, I want more logs to show me the process or some important informations generated by our application.
I tried to use default Logger to generate logs in default Rails logs. Then, you would be tired of finding your log in the massive default log file
Even though you can use tools like Logentries, but you may still think it's not convinent. B/C we may want to report the logs to someone by email.
If you're suffering from what I said above, I think "custom_log_generator" is the gem you want. You can define as many log files as you like in config file.
Then, for each file it will generate a custom logger for you. For details, please refer to #usage part.

## Installation

>This gem can only be used by combining with Rails project.

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'custom_log_generator'
```

And then execute:

    $ bundle

## Usage

After you finished the installation by bundle.
You need to run:

  $ rake custom_log:install

After doing this, you will get two file:

"config/custom_logs.yml"
"config/initializers/generate_custom_logger.rb"

Then, you need to declare the logs you want in the config file "custom_logs.yml"

## Development

After checking out the repo, run `bin/setup` to install dependencies. Then, run `rake spec` to run the tests. You can also run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt that will allow you to experiment.

To install this gem onto your local machine, run `bundle exec rake install`. To release a new version, update the version number in `version.rb`, and then run `bundle exec rake release`, which will create a git tag for the version, push git commits and tags, and push the `.gem` file to [rubygems.org](https://rubygems.org).

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/[USERNAME]/custom_log_generator. This project is intended to be a safe, welcoming space for collaboration, and contributors are expected to adhere to the [Contributor Covenant](http://contributor-covenant.org) code of conduct.

## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

## Code of Conduct

Everyone interacting in the CustomLogGenerator project’s codebases, issue trackers, chat rooms and mailing lists is expected to follow the [code of conduct](https://github.com/[USERNAME]/custom_log_generator/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).
